hey it was a big day for soccer they
match up for the World Cup final is now
set Croatia beat England today they came
back to beat him 2 to 1 which means
Croatia will meet France in the final on
Sunday I watch the game today it's kind
of funny it's every one of the Croatian
players names ends in itch you've got to
boss each men zoo Chooch brazo vich
paris edge stretch there were so many
itches I had to open a bottle of
calamine lotion watch the game watch the
Braves goalie here after Croatia scored
to even the game up
[Applause]
here well what do you think he was
saying there you watch soccer alright
actually was an exciting game our whole
office stopped to watch it in case
you're wondering why the show wasn't
good tonight that's why I here in LA the
game was on at 11:00 a.m. so we thought
it might be ripe for a pedestrian
question we went to there's a British
pub just over the hill from us nice
little pub called the Fox and Hounds in
Studio City and we asked there are a lot
of fans there watching the game so we
asked them a simple question we asked
are you drunk okay now the way this
works is we're gonna see someone
introduce himself or herself and then
based on that introduction we will
decide if they are drunk at 11 a.m. on
Wednesday he got it alright let's play
here we go
what is your name and where you from hi
my name is Anita Qureshi I'm from
nauseum England and are you drunk
is Aniela drunk
everyone says yes let's find out sausage
themes and some Shandy so I don't know
might be able to limit for my weight I
guess I don't know but I think this
sausages soaked it up pretty much good
old bangers I didn't know it was
possible to be that British it's who's
next
so what are your names are worth road
josh London Iran London Madhavan yes and
are you guys drunk are these two nodding
hammered date yes everyone says yes this
is a bad one yeah one for me what went
up in there so he's catching over me
we're nice be nice be nice one of those
guys is 12 years old right I guess
there's no drinking age or over there
all right let's see another so what's
your name and were you problem my name
is Brielle I'm from Huntington Beach
California and Brielle are you drunk is
Brielle Oh everyone says no all right
yeah we have two shots of bourbon before
we got here at 10:30 and I've had three
Carlsberg since then so I hope so it's
all part of a balanced breakfast on
World Cup day who else do we have out
there what's your name and where you
from I'm Chad Johnson I'm from Los
Angeles and Chad are you drunk and by
the way that's bad Chad I knew he would
come back to us I really did his bad
Chad drunk
all right we're split on this one no
ducks left the gym actually were you
drunk during the Bachelorette no but I
was drunk on paradise oh yeah yeah the
first rule of paradise yet Riley in LA
you really never know who you're gonna
run into do you let's see who we have
next so what's your name and where you
from
name is Brian from Chicago family's from
Croatia mom's last name is Silva ch
representing the ic4 Croatia what a
great day and are you drunk is Brian
he better be drunk of that outfit on my
way 80% of the way there will be the
rest of the way there shortly
go back there and get him thank you yeah
they beat the crap out of the map of the
game one more candidate what is your
name and where you from
hey my name is Stephen Merchant and I'm
from London England and Stephen are you
drunk is Stephen Merchant drive
hey everyone says yes I'm not drunk
is there a football game on cuz I just
came to this English pub for some fish
and chips but it's really noisy inside
I'm finding it very hard to digest my
food Stephen Merchant and bad Chad
walking over far together that's
I am Jimmy Kimmel click below to
subscribe to our YouTube channel or if
you want to be that way about it though